filename
    shell in command's name?

can tlog be used as sudo shell?
    we can allow commands starting with "tlog" only
    assign shell for target user?

Retrieve character encoding and convert to UTF-8 in JSON.
For the time being check encoding and abort with a message saying only UTF-8
is supported.

Add message versions

Add throttling.

Provide comprehensive object descriptions in header files.

Make all if statements use braces, even single-line ones.

Consider pluggable memory allocation when library grows bigger and there is a
potential for outside users.

Test the code with coverity.

Consider supporting merging several messages into a single packet when
reading.

Check if there is a way to unify init/cleanup and create/destroy function
presence across object types.

Use "locale charmap" or equivalent to get terminal encoding.

Consider using iconv for detecting invalid multibyte sequences - it seems to
be able to stop on first invalid byte. Check how far back this functionality
goes and whether e.g. RHEL6 supports it. Still need encoding knowledge to
resync. Perhaps we can play two iconv descriptors: one normal and another
discarding invalid characters (with "//IGNORE" encoding suffix) to somehow
extract invalid bytes.

Support running without a terminal.

Record terminal type as well.

Consider the possibility of using tlog in a jump server.

Consider renaming "timing" to "meta".

Make each message start with window size.

Assert object validity after initialization.

Add transaction interface validation.

Add object validation to function exits.

Limit timestamps passed to sink to not exceed maximum pos recognized by
source.

Check timing delay range in source.

Add integration test. Perhaps using both tlog-rec and tlog-play from within
expect and connecting them with a pipe.

Consider adding a real time timestamp to log messages, which would reflect the
absolute time the data arrived, as opposed to relative time already there and
the logging time that syslog adds.

Output tlog-rec/tlog-play error messages after restoring terminal settings.

Consider implementing playback in a new, size-controlled terminal window,
using GNOME's VteTerminal, or XEmbed.

Make tlog suid and drop privileges back to user for the shell.

Implement per-session locking.

Evaluate the necessity and the way of getting the FQDN in tlog-rec. Perhaps
add fallback in case it doesn't work.

Make sure the environment is cleaned and file descriptors are not inherited
upon exec'ing the shell.

Comment-out all parameters in the installed system-wide config as they're
matching the defaults.

Consider moving common .m4 files to a dedicated directory.
